Add FEA CalculiX material sweep workflow (#103)
ctrliq/ciq-fuzzball-catalog: applications/fea-calculix/metadata.md

---
name: FEA Material Sweep

> category: MATERIALS
> description: >
>   Parallel FEA material sweep using CalculiX. Submit your model once and
>   simultaneously solve for multiple materials. Generates an engineering
>   report with charts comparing stiffness, yield strength, density, factor
>   of safety, and estimated force to yield across all materials.
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Copyright 2025 CIQ, Inc. All rights reserved.
---
id: "ciq/materials/fae-calculix"
name: FEA Material Sweep
tags:
- finite-element-analysis
category: MATERIALS
---
Concurrent FEA material sweep using CalculiX. Submit your model once and simultaneously solve for multiple materials. Generates an engineering report with charts comparing stiffness, yield strength, density, factor of safety, and estimated force to yield across all materials.
```
We need a unique id and a copyright header
